OSDOCS#16913: CQA for getting started with the CLI (#113944)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cli-logging-in-web.adoc

[id="cli-logging-in-web_{context}"]
= Logging in to the OpenShift CLI using a web browser

[role="_abstract"]

> You can log in to the OpenShift CLI (`oc`) with the help of a web browser to access and manage your cluster. This allows users to avoid inserting their access token into the command line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can log in to the {oc-first} with the help of a web browser to access and manage your cluster. This allows users to avoid inserting access tokens into the command line.
```
other users, or you? this intro doesn't make sense
